Allow multi-frame entity checkout for GameObject creation (#1330)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

}
```

### The `IEntityGameObjectCreator` now requires the `ComponentType[] MiniumComponentTypes { get; }` property

If you have written custom GameObject creators implementing `IEntityGameObjectCreator`, you will have to define the minimum set of components required on an entity to trigger the `OnEntityCreated` method.

For example, the following has been added to the `GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata` class:

```csharp
public ComponentType[] MinimumComponentTypes { get; } =
{
    ComponentType.ReadOnly<Metadata.Component>(),
    ComponentType.ReadOnly<Position.Component>()
};
```

> > You wil need to add `using Unity.Entities;` to the top of the file.

Author: ```suggestion
> You will need to add using `Unity.Entities;` to the top of the file and reference it in the assembly that your custom GameObject creator is in.
```

};
```

> > You wil need to add `using Unity.Entities;` to the top of the file.

Reviewer: And potentially reference it in an `asmdef`
